Honeymoon Tour
Spend a beautiful time with your loved ones. Baltistan Adventures is giving a wonderful Honeymoon Packages so that you can enjoy your romantic time. With the honeymoon tour, Couple can enjoy the most romantic scenic landscape of Northern Pakistan in very reasonable price. Honeymoon Tour packages are the most famous among all trips. 
Customized Trip
Discover breathtaking and amazing places of Pakistan with one of the best Pakistan’s Tourism Company “Baltistan Adventures”. We are offering special tourism plans with complete end-to-end services and affordable tour packages from Lahore, Karachi, Peshawar, and Islamabad. Our trip managers organize thrilling and audacious journeys to bring unforgettable holidays happening. So, pack your bags and travel with “Baltistan Adventures” for the utmost travel experience.
Corporate Trips
Our corporate travel team is a specialist for business travel. Most importantly, our team understands the nature of corporate tours and meetings and hence we handle the details of our clients with a high level of confidentiality. 
We will arrange certain number of activities to bring out talent e.g. ski diving, quad safari, jeep safari etc.
We will provide the opportunity to interact with different local companies.
We will arrange corporate conference.

Student Tour
Students are the assets for our future. While studying student can’t full fill their wishes due to short of money or short of time. “Baltistan Adventures” is arranging special short tours and treks in a very reasonable cost for students. Student guide will be provide to you. Guide will be educated and he will guide you from every stages and explain you everything whether about fort, Mountains, City, village etc. Guide will be very young smart and very friendly. 
Camping Trip
Summer is here and now is a great time to plan your next camping trip to the beautiful places of Gilgit Baltistan. Baltistan Adventure will provide you the best camping trips in whole Gilgit Baltistan in a very reasonable prices so that you can enjoy with us and make memories. 
Whether you're a die-hard camping fan, looking for a low-cost break, or reliving childhood memories, camping is a great way to get outdoors and spend quality time with friends, family, or on your own.

Dinner on Dunes
It’s time to re-ignite the romance in your life. Whether you are celebrating a milestone in your personal life of imitating a new journey filled with love and romance; a fine Dinner on Dune at the heart of The Coldest Desert of the world “Sarfaranga Desert” should be your first choice. Gilgit Baltistan has always been a preferred destination to explore but have you ever discovered the romance in its desert? “Baltistan Adventures” offers you the real Romantic Desert Experience for a lifetime.
We “Baltistan Adventures” provide you the opportunity of a delightful tour of desert before the sun sets for a lovely evening. The tour covers dune ride on dirt bikes, quad bikes and Jeep safari. You are welcome to vivid cultural performances of traditional Balti folk songs and dance to make the most of your evening. The dinner on dune evening is set to provide you a royal romantic desert experience which once was used to be a part of romance of Royal Rajput’s king.
Hiking and Trekking Trip
We Baltistan Adventures provides you the best hiking and trekking trips in a very reasonable prices. Some of the hiking places are given bellow 
Marsur Rock Hussainabad Skardu
Marsur rock Hussainabad Skardu is one of the awe-inspiring cliff-like Trolltunga located in Norway. Marsur rock is 38 ft long and 25 ft projected horizontally out of the base. It takes 4 hours uphill hiking from village Hussainabad Skardu to reach there. Marsur Rock is located just above the Hussainabad village and was undiscovered till 2017. After sharing an astounding picture of this rock on social media, the spots came under the spotlight of tourists. This rock can also be called the ‘Birds eye viewpoint of Skardu.’





Nansoq Organic Village Skardu
A creepy track leading to a startling destination. The first organic village of Skardu is beyond comparison in its beauty and witnesses its unicity. The quietness of the hiking track, purity of the place, peace at the unseen destination of the organic village are a few things out of many. A full day is required to visit the place to explore the village, which would include 2 hours trekking to return. The first half of the trekking route is rough and tough, need to be careful particularly if along with kids. The second half of the route relatively effortless as well as having splendid views of nature. 









Kharpocho Fort skardu
Skardu Fort or Kharpocho “The king of Forts” is a fort located at Skardu city Gilgit-Baltistan. It’s a very nice place to visit and is located near the main bazar of the Skardu City. It’s a trekking place and nearly take 25-30 minutes to reach at the top depending upon your health do not forget to put water bottles in your bag because no facilities available there. This place is not suitable for you if you've children or family. 


